About my girlfriend ? Françoise is the one, she made me totally forgot about my ex-girlfriend :)

But I do speak to Anne Glichetou sometimes even though Françoise hate that.
I do speak to Tchaïniss very well but I don't know what I'm saying. Wo knows at the end.
I also do speak to Germaine Goutte ! I lived with her but it didn't worked. I still have her stuff in a closet
at home.
I do see small bit of Jeane Ponesst sometimes I dream to leave with her far away sometimes I dream her
to leave.
I do see Ariane Usse but it's so hard. Focus on her, focus with her.. hard to focus. Also I really like her
sister.
I've never spanichaide because it's too easy for me.
I've learnd Souiditche.. don't know why.. just like that...
And I do will do to teach Hollande.. bicause iou cane bi.. dou... whatever.
I took a lesson with Arabique one time, I never figured out where cofee the cofee was.
I heard about K0r&@ ! She was fresh and brand new ! Then she let me listened a peace of Kpop.
I met a girl in a barre somewhere in Porte-guise I never told anyone I was just lost in translation.
And then I met Lianne Brasie a sweet beauty. I told him everything about the previous one.
I swear I'll to Bella Russe, but I don't have the balls to waste my Hollydays.
I wish I could date with Paulande but my mistress strongly disagree.
I may learn flamen 1 day. May Flémard learn Frènche d'abord.
I may learn Catalane one day. May Catalane Deborah spanichèda.
I may learn Kana Diane, where is the dictionnary ?
I will give something to Souzane Ericana but... shit & fuck & fuck & shit ! I don't know where she lies.
I finally gave something to your Ken, let's stop the jaleousy once for all.
I bill be from Thaïe as my mistress is just gone...
I woll of Africane.. allready.

Round for the bests ! I'm sorry for your flunch: « Haïlle daindompts dough hiites ».
I'm so lazy you know ;)

PS : Non de dieu de putain de bordel de merde de saloperie de connasse d'enculée de ta mère tu
n'imagines pas à quel point je te déteste Imôn'dé ! Grân'diôssa ! Conassîîma ! Maxipûûûta ! Tassimôôôôssa .... SALOPE de Marie-Hollande 