Absolute Certainty

I
Where does absolute certainty lie?
It cannot be found in promises of men
For words may turn to ashes in your mouth…
And foe may be the one you thought was friend…
The morality of man is changeable
As mutable and fickle as the wind…
The Master of Coin had two faces;
A virtuous mask disguised a heart of sin…

Where does absolute certainty lie?
Ned Stark relied upon Petyr Baelish’s words
But at the crucial moment, his loyalty
Was as elusive as the eunuchs’ little birds…

Absolute certainty lies not in words of men
Such faith is how Ned Stark met his end…
*
Where does absolute certainty lie?
When everything may not be as it seems…
Where men change their faces like allegiances
When reality appears stranger than in dreams…

The Game of Thrones is a deadly battle
A chess match of power, intellect and brawn,
Pawns may appear as Kings and Queens,
And Kings and Queens may appear as pawns…

Where does absolute certainty lie?
Greyjoy’s liberty was his captor in disguise…
When Ser Meryn beat the “broken brothel girl”
Arya Stark slit his throat and took his eyes…
Absolute certainty lies not in what you see
For veils of illusion obscure reality…
*
II
Where does absolute certainty lie?
In the beating heart beneath a mothers breast?
For a mother loves her children endlessly
And protects them as fiercely as a lioness…

Cersei was a fortress for her children
Her body was their first sanctuary and home
But the price she’d pay to keep them safe
Was more than she ever could have known…

Where does absolute certainty lie?
It lies within a mother’s daring iron will
To protect and love her last surviving child
No matter how many innocent she has to kill…

Absolute certainty lies in a mother’s sacred bond
That extends across the Kingdom and beyond…

*
Where does absolute certainty lie?
It cannot be found on the righteous path…
The High Sparrow walked in the light of Gods…
And there he met the Devil’s deadly wrath…

Do not doubt the fierceness of a mother
Especially not of a Lannister Lioness
The lengths she goes to protect her cubs…
Is no match for the Sparrows’ piousness

Where does absolute certainty lie?
For nowhere in the Seven Kingdoms can it be found
Except in a mother’s will to survive
Even if it means burning her own city to the ground…

Absolute certainty lies not in the righteous course…
For evil and darkness may be the stronger force…
*
III
The High Sparrow may fly high…
But the Eagle Owl is the one that soars
It molts its feathers like a snake that sheds its skin…
Emerges like a Phoenix that transforms…


The Eagle Owl is the one that transcends
Different places, realms and realities…
It comes at the night, fluttering its wings
And whispers softly to you in your dreams…

It was a fate written in the winds of winter
That the High sparrow would eventually fall
For even though the Sparrow thought he won the battle
The Eagle Owl has the power to win the war

A fateful darkness spreads across the land
Like a tide that casts itself against the sand…

A lioness does not strike when prey is near…
She watches from the shadows patiently
And when she makes her swift attack
Her sharpened claws will cause fatalities…

Her deadly act was almost mad as Aerys
The wild and vicious king who went insane
But if you imprison a lioness— fear her…
If she ever breaks free from her cage…

Black smoke coalesces like dreams
Embers rise like a thousand vermillion prayers
The Sept of Baylor lies in destruction
The lives of the innocent were not be spared
And so the Eagle Owl takes it’s silent flight…
The only path is the way of the Seven’s light…